Faveo Helpdesk      Server Administrator 

Bhanu Pratap Singh Slathia
21st November, 2019
Revision Log

       Date
     Version
     Author
   Description
21st November 2019
1.1
Bhanu Pratap Singh Slathia
Initial Document 









Copyright
Copyright © 2019 Ladybird Web Solution Pvt Ltd. All rights reserved.
Neither this document nor any part of it may be copied or reproduced in any form or by any means without the prior written consent of Ladybird Web Solution Pvt Ltd.
Document disclaimer
Information contained in this document is subject to change without notice.
Trademarks
All trademarks used in this document are the property of their respective owners.











Before you print this document, spare a thought for the environment. Give our trees a chance
Table of content
Revision Log    0
Table of content    2
Introduction    3
Skills expected in order of priority    3
Tasks    4
Task 1    4
Task 2    4
Task 3    5
Faveo Server requirement    5
Free Server for demo    5
Submission    6
Objective, multiple choice question test    6
References    6




Introduction
This document lists down practical test/project a candidate needs to submit before being hired at Ladybird Web Solution Pvt Ltd for Server Administrator or dev ops engineer job.
Requesting candidates to go over our website www.faveohelpdesk.com in detail to understand our product before continuing with the test. This is the product you will work on.
Skills expected in order of priority
We are looking for candidates with the following skills. Candidates should be able to configure a server to install Faveo and create docker and scripts to automate this process. Most of our clients use Linux based servers, some also use Windows.
Linux server management
Devops
Jenkins
Codacy
CI
Dockers
Basic Windows server management
Knowledge of web hosting panel such as (optional)
cPanel
Webmin
Plesk
We want to automate a lot of our development, deployment tasks but to do that basic understanding of server and server commands have to be in place. We mostly work with Linux servers(Cent OS)
Tasks
There are two test candidate needs to submit
Multi choice online questions
Practical task as listed below
Candidates need to complete below practical tasks on any Virtual server’s. This will demonstrate practical skills and understanding of the linux server & docker by the candidate.
We are checking candidates ability to install Faveo Helpdesk onto a server using docker and bash script and also ability to install and configure Jenkins
Task 1
Whenever a developer makes any changes to Code and pushes to Github repo, we use Jenkins to run all the unit test cases, only after unit test cases are successful, code is updated on Github Repo.
Configure Jenkins
Install Jenkins and Configure Github such away that it should auto build for every new commit.
You can create fork of this https://github.com/ladybirdweb/agora-invoicing-community
In your work/branch make some small changes and commit the same
Task 2
Create docker Image
It should install PHP 7.2, MySql 5.7, Apache/Nginx with self signed SSL or some free SSL such as Lets encrypt
Download Faveo Helpdesk Freelancer version from https://billing.faveohelpdesk.com and install the same in this docker
Faveo URL should open with HTTPS
Free domain can be purchased and configured through https://www.freenom.com 
Basic server hardening or firewall configuring should be done such as
Change default port no
Block all port no expect the one which are being used
Task 3
Create linux bash script 
Install PHP 7.2, MySql 5.7, Apache/Nginx with self signed SSL or some free SSL such as Lets encrypt
Download Faveo Helpdesk Freelancer version from https://billing.faveohelpdesk.com and install the same it using this script. Freelancer version can be hosted on Some FTP or google drive server where the script can read it from
Faveo URL should open with HTTPS
Free domain can be purchased and configured through https://www.freenom.com 
Basic server hardening or firewall configuring should be done such as
Change default port no
Block all port no expect the one which are being used
Faveo Server requirement
Faveo needs following things installed on the server to run
Web server - Apache/IIS/NGINX
With search engine friendly or Pretty URLs enabled
PHP 7.2
Certain PHP extensions, Check Faveo Probe in reference section below
MySQL 5.7
Optional - Can install PHPMyAdmin for easy Database management through a UI
Free Server for demo
Free Virtual Servers can be created in any of these platforms or any platform of your choice
Use can use any of the below servers or any server of your choice to showcase the above task
https://aws.amazon.com
https://cloud.google.com
https://azure.microsoft.com/en-in/
Submission
Submit the above task result to hr@ladybirdweb.com with the server SSH details such as URL/IP, root ID & password and any other instructions required to check the server. If you installed Faveo onto the server, share Faveo URL, admin id & password to access Faveo
Objective, multiple choice question test
Along with the above practical test, candidate also needs to undergo a multiple choice question exam, which will be given separately by HR over candidate’s email.
 References
https://github.com/ladybirdweb/faveo-server-images
https://github.com/ladybirdweb/faveo-docker 
https://github.com/ladybirdweb/faveo-probe

	